Documentation of component options (#706)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/togglebutton/appearance.md

* [Rounded](#rounded)
* [Shape](#shape)
* [Size](#size)
* [ThemeColor](#themecolor)

You can use all of them together to achieve the desired appearance. This article will explain their effect one by one.

## FillMode

The `FillMode` controls how the TelerikToggleButton is filled. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Button.FillMode` class:

| Class members | Manual declarations |
|------------|--------|
|`Solid` <br /> default value|`solid`|
|`Flat`|`flat`|
|`Outline`|`outline`|
|`Link`|`link`|

>caption The built-in Fill modes

````CSHTML
@* These are all built-in fill modes *@

@{ 
    var fields = typeof(Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Button.FillMode)
        .GetFields(System.Reflection.BindingFlags.Public | System.Reflection.BindingFlags.Static
        | System.Reflection.BindingFlags.FlattenHierarchy)
        .Where(field => field.IsLiteral && !field.IsInitOnly).ToList();

    foreach (var field in fields)
    {
        string fillmode = field.GetValue(null).ToString();

        <div style="float:left; margin: 20px;">
            <TelerikToggleButton FillMode="@fillmode">@fillmode</TelerikToggleButton>
        </div>
    }
}
````

## Rounded

> The `Rounded` paramter applies the `border-radiums` CSS rule to the button to achieve curving of the edges. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Button.Rounded` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Rounded` parameter applies the `border-radius` CSS rule to the button to achieve curving of the edges. You can set it to a member of the `Telerik.Blazor.ThemeConstants.Button.Rounded` class:
```
